#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via favicon
blinker==1.7.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==20.1.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
fonttools==4.46.0
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via streamlit
htbuilder==0.6.2
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via streamlit
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.3
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via streamlit-faker
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via htbuilder
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via streamlit
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pymdown-extensions==10.5
    # via markdownlit
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pypdf==3.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via pymdown-extensions
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   streamlit
rich==13.7.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.1
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==0.0.61
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.6
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via streamlit
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
